# Trapezoidal and Simpson's Rules
Uses a simple trapezoidal rule to perform some simple integrations and compare the closed form integration curve to the numerical curve for the following functions in the domain -2 to +2: 1+x^2, xe^(-x^2 ),  xe^(-x), sin(x). Plots the fit with the closed form solution. Reports on the RMS error for the two curves over that domain as well as the percent error for the definite integral.

Performs the same analysis using Simpson's 1/3 Rule (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Simpson%27s_rule) and compare these results to the simple trapezoidal rule. 
# Monte Carlo
Finds the area of a circle using a Monte Carlo technique. Consider a unit circle inscribed with a square with sides of length two. Now generate (x,y) point pairs at random within the square. The ratio of the number of points that land inside the circle to the total number should be the ratio of the areas which is π⁄4. Code is generalized to perform this calculation for an N-dimensional space. For example, in three dimensions we would have a unit sphere inscribed inside a cube with sides of length two. The ratio of the “areas” (which are now volumes) would be π⁄6in this case. The number of dimensions should be a run-time user controlled parameter as should the number of iterations. Plots the value of the integral as a function of iteration number and lastly plot the error by graphing log(abs(y – f))) vs. log(n) where y is the known final integration value and f is the value of the integral at iteration n. Monte Carlo methods are very sensitive to the random number generator used. It needs to have a flat distribution to prevent bias in the answer. Plot up a histogram for at least 1000 bins in the range -2 to +2 for millions of points to characterize the random number generator.
